Add AI assistant metrics based on Azure AI evaluation (#9)
microsoft/online-experimentation-metric-collections: azure-ai-evaluation/README.md

# Azure AI Evaluation metric collection

> Metrics contained in the Azure AI Evaluation [metric collection](./metric-azure-ai-evaluation.json) are quality and safety measures for large language model outputs. They are meant to be used, in combination with the [provided](./summary_rules-v0.1.0.yaml) Log Analytics [summary rule](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/summary-rules?tabs=api), directly out-of-box with minimal edits. They consume evaluation spans created by the [Azure AI Foundry SDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/how-to/online-evaluation?tabs=windows).

Reviewer: Both LLM and agent?

## Prerequisites

### Instrumentation

1. To use these metrics and summary rule, you must use the Azure AI Evaluation services which are part of the Azure AI Foundry SDK.

>    [Azure AI Evaluation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/how-to/online-evaluation?tabs=windows) provides automatic online evaluation of LLM responses for quality and safety measures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Azure AI Continuous Evaluation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-foundry/how-to/continuous-evaluation-agents) provides automatic online evaluation of agent responses for quality and safety measures.
```

If you do not see the table:
* If you provisioned the summary rule within the last 1 hour, you may need to wait for traces to be processed.
* If you have not added targeting id to the GenAI spans that are being evaluated, the summary rule will have no outputs.
* If you have never configured a valid summary rule for Azure AI Evaluation spans, you will need to provision this. This can be done via Log Analytics API call, or via bicep, as described in [root `README`](../README.md).

## Deploy metrics

1. Add the contents of `metric-azure-ai-evaluation.json` to corresponding files in your experimentation-enabled repository.
2. Optionally: modify metrics. Rename or update description of metrics. You can set desired Inactive metrics as Active if they apply to your scenario.
3. If this is your first time adding summary rules for Online Experimentation, see [root `README.md`](../README.md) to overview metric and summary rule deployment, with more details in [Online Experimentation documentation](https://aka.ms/exp/public/docs).

## Azure AI Evaluation metrics

The following metrics are defined in `metrics-azure-ai-evaluation-v0.1.0.json`:

> | Display name | Metric kind | Description | Default lifecycle |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Display name | Metric type | Description | Default lifecycle |
```

Author: updated

Author: Resovled
